a short blurb about me. 

Growing up in Northern Virginia I am very fortunate to be in the melting pot that is the DC, Maryland, Virginia Region. When I was about 15 years old, my mom came home with a Dell Optiplex 390 which blew my mind away.I mainly played console games, Playstation, Xbox, 
Gamecube, but the appeal of the world wide web took me by storm. I was off to the races, figuring out how to download P2P content from the web, watching videos, customizing myspace profile code with HTML. My fondest memory and the thing that probably sent me down this path of chasing a career was when I got a 5th Gen Apple Ipod Classic, obviously unable to afford the songs to purchase, 
and being the WWW pro I was at 15 years old, Limewire would be my solution. At the ripe age of 15 I learned why downloading P2P can be risky when my mom was writing the check to geek squad for the full reimage of that Optiplex 390. I knew from that moment on, if 
Geek Squad was able to fix it, I could do it too (and save some money). 

Throughout my servive in the 110th Infantry Regiment, I never considered Information Technology to be a career path that I could do, to be honest it wasn't even an option in my head. It took me to get out of the military, and take a deep stock of my own inventroy which 
led me to making the decison to go back to Northern Virginia Community College for Cybersecurity. I had the slighest clue as to what cybersecurity meant (still learning) and how I'd even be able to learn all the material relevant to a Cybersecuirty professional.
Once I finished my first semester of Cybersecurity classes a fire was lit and I knew that I wanted to get into this domain. Getting my hands on linux for the first time was mindblowing because I had never even heard of Linux, to learn about Richard Stallman and the conceptions of Linux
was almost of a movie to me. Diving head first into the various distributions and the nuances between all distros is not only challanging but rewarding when something that didnt work on the kernal now works. 

To better learn Linux and stay using it, I have attempted to embed linux into various aspect of my life through homelabbing. I love living in the terminal as erecting servcies within my home enviorment that serves a purpose for me or my family. I'm almost at a fork in the road,
I'm starting to find a passion and enjoyment for System Administration but also am still very interested in learning how the these various system can break and the implications of when they do, what happens. 



